and we're going to take you now to
Amsterdam where protests are underway to
express solidarity with
Palestinians step Von is there at the
rally tell us what you're seeing and
what's been happening
step well a lot of anger and frustration
here at the dam Square in Amsterdam
thousands are expected here to Rally
against what they call a genocide
committed by Israel against Palestinians
and this especially a lot of
condemnation towards European leaders uh
the Dutch prime minister Mark R and also
the European commission president Isa V
are specifically mentioned here uh for
keeping silent on uh the violence Israel
is now committing uh in Gaza while the
same people R and fan immediately after
hamas's attack strongly condemned this
attack and said that Israel had every
right to defend itself so they call
these leaders here Hypocrites they want
also Europe to have a much firmer stance
on what Israel is doing right now and
this rally is now at the moment
carefully watched by the prosecutor's
office here in Amsterdam uh any flags
from Hamas or Hezbollah or any
anti-semitic slogans will be carefully
watched and then they could intervene uh
police has said but so far everything is
peaceful the rally had to take another
rout they were going to walk uh a a
little later but they were planning to
go through the old Jewish Quarters here
in Amsterdam but they have made
different plans as well the situation
has become very polarized in the nland
and also in other European nations in
the last week and even Jewish schools
were closed here last Friday out of fear
of violence but so far everything is
peaceful here Al here step Von reporting
from Amsterdam thank you very much